CHORUS SINGS:
♪ The Simpsons ♪
(school bell ringing)
(whistle blows)
(beeping)
(playing the blues)
(tires screeching)
(horn honking)
D’oh!
(screams)
(tires screeching)
Worst couch gag ever.
Mm.
(tires screeching)
Why do we have to go
to the rec center?
-I want to play
with my friends.
-(grunts)
When you’re older. you’ll
miss these fun activities.
You’re older. Why don’t you do
these fun activities?
Uh. ’cause no
one’s making me.
Bye-bye.
(Homer laughing)
Welcome
to Shaolin Kung Fu.
10.000 years of knowledge
will be passed along
to those whose parents
have signed a permission slip.
The rest of you
have just purchased
very expensive pajamas.
(kids groaning)
Namaste.
Pardon me. Master.
but what does a big fat wad
like you know about kung fu?
Ah. Kung fu
is not about physique.
but the channeling of
one’s energy or chi.
If you doubt my skill.
please feel free to
attack at my signal.
(kids groaning and shouting)
(groans)
Oh!
My chi!
(classical music plays)
Do we have any more paints?
My orange isn’t the orange
of that orange.
Just paint the damn fruit.
Lower your expectations. Lisa.
Public program. public program.
Mm-hmm.
Mm... hmm.
Stop! Stop!
Juliet. this
is terrible!
Your art is
personal and wrong.
(with British accent):
I was painting with my heart.
and if you look carefully.
you can see
that the knight is Josh Groban.
our young century’s
greatest vocalist.
Oh. another Grobanite!
Um. excuse me.
but I think her painting
is very imaginative.
I suppose you’d like
to teach this class?
Yes. I would.
Class. everyone please stop
and admire Juliet’s painting.
I do not need this!
My family owns a gas station.
If you two thoughtful
and creative girls
don’t like the way I teach.
there’s a world of fun outside.
See ya!
(both giggling)
What are you staring at?!
Everyone paint me 20 laps!
(kids grumbling)
Come on. fatty.
Keep up!
(squeaking)
So. how come I’ve never
seen you around
the Janet L.
Munoz-Robbins
Rec Center before?
My father just took a position
at Springfield University.
Are your parents
academics?
(laughs)
Kind of.
Let’s do some Groban.
♪ Everybody... ♪
♪ Wants to be understood ♪
♪ Well. I can hear you ♪
♪ Everybody... ♪
♪ Wants ♪
♪ To be loved... ♪
(grunts)
♪ Don’t give up... ♪
(sighs)
♪ Because you ♪
♪ Are loved. ♪
I need some candy for
a first playdate.
but I don’t want
to come on too strong.
-M&M’S?
-Well. if I pick plain.
she’ll think I’m cheap.
but if I pick peanut.
she may have an allergy.
You just killed
her. Bart!
How about Charleston Chew?
What is this.
Brooklyn in the ’50s?
Don’t just say stuff.
You ask for my help.
then you don’t want it.
Excuse me. but why not
consider an Almond Joy?
It looks like you only brought
something for yourself.
but then you just happen
to have two pieces.
Finally. a real
suggestion!
If she doesn’t like coconut.
you’re screwed!
Mm...
Oh.
(ringing)
(laughter and chatter)
Hi. Juliet.
So. what do you want to do?
I don’t know. It’s been so long
since I’ve had a playdate.
Not that I couldn’t get
one if I wanted. I...
My parents bought me
a membership card
to the Folk Art Museum.
Does it get you into
special exhibits?
On Wednesdays.
(gasps)
That’s today!
(to the song "Wipe Out"):
(crazy laughter) Folk Art!
("Wipe Out" playing)
So Lisa asked if her new friend
could stay for dinner.
She’s finally doing something
the book said she would.
Won’t last.
(both giggling)
Hey. Mom.
can Juliet sleep over?
Are your parents
okay with that?
They never met us.
We could be
murderers.
Could’ve been
if we hadn’t had kids.
Juliet’s father
is the world’s
foremost John Grisham scholar.
He found several
undiscovered plot
twists in The Client.
And he proved
that the real villain
in A Time to Kill
is the legal system itself.
Told you. Marge.
Told... ja.
(muffled laughter)
LISA:
Now we need a name
for our imaginary kingdom.
I-I mean. queendom.
How about... Equalia?
Equalia.
Where everyone is equal.
but we’re in charge.
I mean. somebody
has to be. right?
Okay. you two.
lights out.
Lisa. do you want
to be best friends?
Gosh. this is all
happening so fast.
I don’t know
what to say.
(quietly):
Say yes! Say yes!
I’d love to!
MARGE:
Woo-hoo!
Good night. Lisa.
I have a best friend.
You heard me say that.
didn’t you?
I did.
We’re still cool.
though. right?
We are.
My best friend
is so cool.
Mom. I’m meeting
Juliet after school.
Great. Here are a few
best friend tips.
Compliment her hair
and shoes.
If her dog bites you. don’t make
a big deal out of it and...
Friendship is
like marriage.
The key is
listening.
Also. if her dog bites you.
don’t make a big deal out of it.
I just said that.
Okay. honey.
If it’s that important
to you. you said it.
(groans)
We’re at the end
of chapter four.
But we need a grabber.
a whammy.
a snap-a-roo.
some eye mustard.
I got it!
How about this?
What if Queen Helvetica found
a rare two-horned unicorn?
A two-nicorn!
Oh. I love your accent.
(with British accent):
Two-nicorn.
(normal voice):
You are definitely
doing the book on tape.
And Queens Valedictoria
and Helvetica
hid their beloved two-nicorn
from the hungry ogre Homeroni.
(Lisa laughs)
(both giggling)
Girls are so lame.
Isn’t that right.
headless Darth Vader?
What’s that?
You miss your girlfriend.
armless Malibu Stacey
wrapped in hockey tape? Mm.
(kissing sounds)
Now remember.
Juliet’s family is very classy.
so be on
your best behavior.
Use as many big
words as possible.
I call computer.
Bart. you can
have doorbell.
Oh.
(tires squeal)
Nice doorbell.
Is it computerized?
-Hey. that was...
-Oh!
Homer!
Uh. we... I...
You come up
with an excuse!
-(grunts)
-Ow!
(British accent):
Homer. isn’t it wonderful
that my Juliet and your Lisa
have become such fast friends?
(chuckles)
If you say so. my lord.
Dinner’s ready.
If you’ll show me
to your bathroom.
I’d like to pretend
to wash my hands.
Ah. new friendship.
So full of promise.
Much like a young Mitch McDeere
in John Grisham’s The Firm.
When they make a movie
from his books.
does he get one
or two free tickets?
It depends
on the production company.
"He had much to be happy about.
A brilliant mind
and a solid body
that did not gain weight
and needed little sleep."
Attention. everyone.
Lisa and I would like
to perform a medley
of Josh Groban’s
12 most popular downloads.
Juliet. I’m worried
this Josh Groban is becoming
a bit of an obsession for you.
Let’s just listen
to James Horner’s soundtrack
to The Pelican Brief.
shall we?
(orchestral
soundtrack music playing)
Ah. track three--
"Researching the Brief."
(orchestral soundtrack
music playing)
I hate track three!
I hate it! I hate it!
(crying)
I’ll go get her.
Hey. can you take a look
at a lump on my back?
I’m not that
kind of doctor.
Oh. I get it.
Here’s ten bucks.
Hmm.
That’s chewing gum.
What a racket.
(panting)
Juliet. are you okay?
I am now.
Don’t you see them?
See who?
Our friends!
The lords and ladies
of Equalia!
Juliet. you’re scaring me
just a little...
(rumbling)
(gasping)
Oh!
Co-Queens Helvetica
and Valedictoria!
We’re so glad
you’re finally here.
I’m a giraffapuss.
I’m uncomfortable
in water and on land.
(trumpets play)
(gasps)
A two-nicorn!
Toss me a treat!
I didn’t know
I could do that.
And now. hit "shuffle"
on the royal myPod.
JOSH GROBAN:
♪ So she dances ♪
♪ In and out of the crowd ♪
♪ Like a glance ♪
♪ This romance is ♪
♪ From afar calling me ♪
♪ Silently... ♪
These be mini pizzas
made from dragon eggs.
Your Majesties.
Mom. please don’t do that.
Who is this "Mom"
of which you speak?
Mom. stop!
This is our thing.
not yours!
I’m just trying to...
It’s better if you don’t.
(whimpering)
Mr. and Mrs. Simpson. we
need to talk about Lisa.
She’s unfocused.
scribbling nonsense.
living in a world of her own.
(chuckles)
Well. that’s Bart for ya.
We’re talking about
Lisa. your daughter.
Seems like you and I
are always talking
about Bart. my son.
Lisa has been seeing an awful
lot of her new friend.
Ah. yes. the one I’ve seen
on Lisa’s Facebook page.
I search all the children’s
Facebook pages
for unflattering references
to me.
By the way.
I enjoyed the photos
of your trip to Yosemite.
Oh. that.
We were actually just going out
for brunch and I got lost.
But don’t worry. officer.
We’ll definitely have a talk
with the boy.
LISA:
I can’t see Juliet anymore?!
I thought you wanted me
to have a best friend.
There are limits to
how much two people
should be together.
Well. you can’t keep Juliet
and me apart!
I’ll... I’ll disobey!
I’m Bart Simpson’s
mother.
You think you’ve got any
tricks I haven’t seen?
-Ooh!
-(sighs)
Bart Simpson.
age three.
(frustrated groan)
Bart Simpson. age ten.
(evil chuckling)
(crashing)
(school bell ringing)
Juliet!
What are you
doing here?
I’m running away
and you’re coming
with me!
I’d love to!
Oh. but I’m supposed to attend
the Model UN this weekend.
I’m the delegate
from Azerbaijan
and I’m threatening
a rice tariff!
Lisa. I know how important
the Model UN’s work is.
but Equalia needs you.
I need you.
Okay... best friend.
I remember when I was young
and I ran off to a land
of equality.
("The Entertainer" playing)
(coughing)
Name.
Dr. William MacDougal.
From now on you’re
Groundskeeper Willie.
Next!
♪ ♪
This is where
we’ll live.
How did you find
this place?
My family ate
here last week.
It really went
downhill fast.
But if you just believe.
any place can be Equalia.
♪ ♪
Oh. no.
Clam-Elot’s is closed.
Eh. I’m not
surprised.
Their clam chowder
smelled like soap.
Yeah.
I wonder if Lisa
has threatened the Model UN
with her rice tariff yet.
I doubt it--
Friday is usually
just committee assignments
and procedural rules.
(phone rings)
MARTIN:
Mrs. Simpson!
Oh. hiya. Martin.
How’s the Model UN?
Total chaos.
We’re two minutes away
from a roll call vote
on a non-binding resolution
and no Azerbaijan.
(gasps)
Are you saying Lisa’s not there?
To the extent you can trust
the word of a Belgian. yes.
Lisa ran away.
and it’s all
my fault.
If I’d just let her continue
her obsessive relationship
with that troubled little girl.
everything would’ve been fine.
If I know my sister.
and unfortunately I do.
she probably ran off to some
lame-o make-believe castle.
A castle?
I know where they are.
Wait.
Hmm?
Is it some place
I’d have to put on a tie?
No.
Is it a place
I’d look overdressed
if I did wear a tie?
You probably would.
What about a jacket and jeans
with a nice T-shirt?
Just go.
(whimpers)
You know what I think
killed this place?
No one wanted
to drive
to the middle of the
forest for clams.
(vehicle approaching.
tires screeching)
Let’s go get my
little girl.
(gasps)
My family’s here.
Hmm?
She’s not here?
(both gasp)
Girls in our hideout?
Now they’ll tell people
where we go to stash
our stolen peaches.
And to wait out
our bad haircuts.
We’d better tie ’em up.
This place is where we came
after my bar mitzvah.
You said you weren’t
having one.
Uh...
it was just family.
(locks click)
All these pictures
of seafood
are making me hungry.
We’ll get some cream
for the peaches
while you guard
the prisoners.
Don’t screw it up. butt-brain.
At least my dad didn’t
smoke after his stroke.
(door closes)
(quietly):
Juliet. I’m scared.
Shut your eyes and
you’ll be in Equalia.
Equalia is not real.
Maybe not. but it’s
better than this.
Yeah.
So the armies of the gnomes
and the elves
faced off on either side of the
hollow. broad axes poised.
With a fearsome cry.
they raced towards the center
of the battlefield.
banners aflutter in the breeze.
What comes next?
A battle to determine
the fate of Equalia.
But you wouldn’t
be interested.
I have a wide variety
of interests.
Is there them dragon things?
Isn’t that
a little clichéd?
Yes. I mean. yes.
There are dragons
everywhere.
Green ones.
Chinese ones.
chubby bald ones.
I like those ones.
Tell me about those.
And so the queens...
And the Me-Dragon.
...danced the minuet
of equality
on a gossamer dewdrop.
Aw.
Wha...?
What’s going on here?
What’s this?
An ambitious
first novel
by the two brightest
young writers
this side of the Iowa
Writers Workshop.
I bet it’ll
burn up good.
(evil laughter)
Put the book down.
Why should we.
butt-brain?
For Equalia!
JOSH GROBAN:
♪ I am not a hero ♪
♪ I am not an angel ♪
♪ I am just the man ♪
♪ Man who’s trying
to love her... ♪
Well. it looks
like we’re safe.
Looks like.
Juliet. I don’t want to go
to Equalia anymore.
What do you mean?
It’s a special place.
but I need to live
in the real world.
The real world?
The real world
is for people
who can’t imagine
anything better.
Good-bye. Lisa.
Good-bye. Juliet.
(singsongy):
Cuckoo.
"We have received
your manuscript
The Chronicles of Equalia."
Sounds promising
so far.
"Unfortunately.
it is not what we’re looking
for at this time.
Thank you for thinking of us."
(laughs)
Re-jected.
You got a letter all the way
from New York City.
and that’s something.
And you know
what else. sweetie?
You and your friend.
Princess Nutjob.
inspired me to write
my own fantasy novel.
based on my experiences
as a dad.
Okay. chapter one.
uh...
(moaning):
Oh.
Writing is hard.
BART:
Ladies and gentlemen.
Fall Out Boy.
(alternative rock version
of theme music playing)
Captioned by VISUAL DATA
Shh.
Enhanced by Fotokem